relnote(Fx112): CSS linear() easing functions are now supported (#26315)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/112/index.md

  This allows the use of `pow()`, `sqrt()`, `hypot()`, `log()` and `exp()` functions ([Firefox bug 1814469](https://bugzil.la/1814469)).
- The `overlay` keyword value for the {{cssxref("overflow")}} property is now supported as a legacy alias of the keyword value `auto` ([Firefox bug 1817189](https://bugzil.la/1817189)).
- The `<ray_size>` parameter is now optional in the `ray()` function that is used to define an [`offset-path`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-path). If no `<ray_size>` parameter is provided, it has a default value of `closest-side` ([Firefox bug 1820071](https://bugzil.la/1820071)).

> - The `linear()` [easing function](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/easing-function) is now enabled by default.

Author: ```suggestion
- The `linear()` [easing function](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/easing-function) is now supported.
```
